Speak, everybody, it's okay, I'm an animal.
class today let's talk about posts
lipolysis it pocha in this metabolism of
fats on hormonal influence act
Good for you, think fat fat.
adipose tissue people think again in
secondary energy reserve at source
secondary energy supply as well as
energy is just clinical look
Portuguese calls sky jealousy
also known as triglycerides
intimate people can also call detail
then tab means creating good glycerol
we have to remember about the last one to
we have seen all the metabolism in the state
well fed in a fasting statute
how well we are fed
influence of our body the style of
carbohydrate feed
mainly generates the hormone insulin
is a fasting pancreatic hormone
the band released will be the cable today
Let's look at another hormone that
also relates to the fast that is a
hormone called cortisol from the
wide adrenal or supra renal
specifically a region called
cortex is a more globe region
good to talk about the target again
social action is just to look at that
stored inside the storage cell
inside the tank and it can be
can be formed or can be
broken and dosed the name of the reaction of
training on selection by l geniuses
that tori by janice genesis of kits
inscription clean wind and lipid button
lipogenesis creation would have been the cerol
lipolysis means free fall
hypothesis is the breaking of the tre under heaven
it is very important to note that the
benefit is on the cerol or late
when it is broken
it forms a fatty acid and glycerol that
also serves
I knew the error in case the reaction was reversed.
let's think the following in the state well
fed us will generate colony
we have a surplus of
carbohydrates people can influence
also the process called lipogenesis
then insulin stimulates lipogenesis or
whether it is the formation of the tri-
from its precursors who are the
cerol or fatty acid and the process
reverse on short or long fasting
we will also have the action of two hormones
on here
the action of glucagon which is a mother
pancreatic cells made to create
of alpha and cortisol is one year from the above
renal
then his cortex became logical and became
ninth
catabolism in the glycerol segment or
whether they make a hypothesis and which one
be the molecules formed by
polio from fatty acids that
will be referred to the blood and
then to the hepatocytes of
cardiomyocytes shows the
tiny skeletal state
cardiomyocyte to cardiac muscle cell
and citizens in all these cells
serves as the source of atp
What is your glycerol fate then?
optional as well as of Brazil also
each bloodstream
it will be forwarded to the epam
cough that the liver cells and this
cell and will undergo a process that
You know in the last class process
called beak neo generate or start
oh, it's going to be used is duck to make new
virose
The most important thing here is to remember the
following are hormones that
influence catabolism in the
hypothesis of fats and a hormone that
influence on its synthesis that works
tomorrow good
the next class on it stretch and maximum
see you there
a hug